eidur gudjohnsen due to the high offer of tap
fact that the mother helped
together 50 real cleiton was by far the newspaper his governor of his mother
who left still how much I regret did not look in the place when the text is
Of course the pension had a tall beak there
with what money will not I make it?
do not cry not the game before the clear river abuse was committed in the house
noticeable change to hills my adoptive father when I lose my father I go
make offer offers fine and even interdiction
if it's true we need it
everything in this month I realize that my pen varies from their average size in a
birthday this is the state secret said
yet none but that microphone and esteem of the people will be that they will me
call to make a speech besides small to try to make it difficult for a deputy
the party
virose
my characteristic
in the beginning we'll move on
one was the neighborhood that on the other hand but I saw my duties because
crazy place
under your feet on the floor of your house
coach
which I promised I would not cry prince
as to the dream of disappearance not only because it does not take conceded goals
Galileo I hope this is the happiest night of your life.
the event has been postponed
but he told me that his wife had told him to come with me later
but for me if I do not want to see how the situation is going to be more difficult
so what's so beautiful
she was crying
did not tell me Alex Chinese control came also I'm alive told the
coach but I can not lose your self-control to say it - and it goes
generate with the children
the Pope will travel much more to my surprise, he is sure he will leave the
people arrested after their meeting with representatives
I do not know if this will stay in front of your rival
another difficulty of relating to you two
we are unsuccessful
My goodness, what is high risk?
in 2010 finish
the shops started the match
just in the last seconds
Paulo
it's possible to believe
subject
after
at the end of april
it rains
decided
bush
the goalkeeper
Brazilian teenagers heard by the dc of the bathroom
if you are succeeding and mastering and getting into business
still spoke on the subject during a fight that took place in the year of
its cost
for her
River
the 40-year-old actress
bullet wounds
Let's start our tributes now.
our day
our dear
the man we can say
here is different
the Lord
thousand visits
and to begin the tributes
two of them were armed and from our beloved culture in the community
especially Sunday
the mixture
Mrs. Maria, this time, never
there are more people
only this year before
he has to sing
It's a decision of mine that I made the same day father
of marking that surely you all know
a pub
rose missed visual
the world
communicated
the actress alice braga
I'm not mistaken
of the world
I do not see anyone deserves it
the third in the world
the premier
in the region
the number
in a group called the target in one week and the month of May
to air
world
besides it is a part that will be a match plus a victim of the
swine flu the moment
Now yes
after this great moment we will receive
mariza beatriz
Haitians
I wanted to make a declaration of love for my father.
I wanted to write something and more commented the coach
I think not
so everything I feel by law I did not see this little letter
I found it extended before the time
eight years old
Sorry, I do my job
but he's with me but I like
what do you think
betrayal with parents
5th final customers
provided with rg and the expectation is that I will have had my son said
this fund
a luxury
the paranaense said
if you have to work for this
flaubert
sorry
second it is also a great relationship with the sea
it's not an easy situation to continue as it is
fact is that the booklet
we do not talk about values ​​that will make the enem may cause asthma allergies
we will not continue this
homage ceremony
we did not get to the point
the maximum point
our homage
like the fluminense
so far the genzyme
that although
made a simple homage
I want you to know
my friend
which is a tribute that will remain here
Paulo
stuck since day 11
after that
the House
ae